Use php extension for backend views/partials files (#157)
wintercms/docs: architecture/developer-guide.md

Partial views should begin with an underscore character. Whereas Controller and Layout views do not begin with an underscore character. Since views are often found in a single folder, the underscore (_) and dash (-) characters can be used to organise the files. A dash is used as a substitute for a space character. An underscore is used as a substitute for a slash character (folder or namespace).

```
index_fancy-layout.php       <== Index\Fancy layout
form-with-sidebar.php        <== Form with sidebar
_field-container.php         <== Field container (partial)
_field_baloon-selector.php   <== Field\Baloon Selector (partial)
```

> View files must end with the `.php` file extension.

Reviewer: Might be worth mentioning that we have bc for `.htm`

Partial views should begin with an underscore character. Whereas Controller and Layout views do not begin with an underscore character. Since views are often found in a single folder, the underscore (_) and dash (-) characters can be used to organise the files. A dash is used as a substitute for a space character. An underscore is used as a substitute for a slash character (folder or namespace).

```
index_fancy-layout.php       <== Index\Fancy layout
form-with-sidebar.php        <== Form with sidebar
_field-container.php         <== Field container (partial)
_field_baloon-selector.php   <== Field\Baloon Selector (partial)
```

View files must end with the `.php` file extension.

> > **NOTE:** `.htm` legacy file extension is still supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **NOTE:** For backwards compatibilty, we still support the `.htm` legacy file extension. It is recommended to use `.php` for any new files.
```
